A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
YOU'RE NOT YET READY - II
PLATFORM ONE
[indistinct chatter]
[machine beeps]
Come on, cheer up,
it's Friday, and the film sounds good.
I'm sorry, I can't.
I told granny I wouldn't be late.
TOP UP
Fine, suit yourself. See you Monday.
See you Monday.
She's weird, isn't she?
She's never got time to go out.
So she says, at any rate.
No wonder she's got no friends.
Anyway, her loss.
[machine clicking]
[unzips bag]
[bell chimes]
[boy humming]
[distant whistling and rattling]
[rushing air]
Hmm? [gasps softly]
[clattering]
[gasps softly]
[train approaching]
[Victoria screams]
[boy gasps] Oh, no!
[Victoria grunts]
[panicked murmurs]
-[horn blows continuously]
-[metal scraping]
[Victoria groans]
-[she screams]
-[horn continues]
-[loud crash]
-[glass shatters]
[glass shards clinking]
[passengers groaning]
[train power dying]
[panicked murmuring]
[Victoria gasps]
[breathing heavily]
[panting] I'm so sorry.
I swear I didn't do it on purpose.
[Victoria gasps]
-[panting]
-Good God! What happened?
Little girl, are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm sorry... I've got to go.
[man] Wait! Hey! Hey, little girl!
[Victoria pants and moans]
[continues panting and moaning]
[train approaching]
[whistle]
[loud whistle]
[sighs]
[gasps]
Kirtash is here.
[Victoria panting]
-[train whizzing]
-[sinister music playing]
[announcer] Next stop, Sol.
-[Victoria panting]
-Hey!
-Watch where you're going!
-[whistle]
[gasps]
[sinister music playing]
[she gasps]
[Victoria panting]
No!
[panicked panting]
[relieved sigh]
[loud whistle]
[sinister music continues]
[gasps]
[muffled panting]
[brakes hissing]
[loud whistle]
[she gasps and grunts]
[train rattling noisily]
[dog barking]
[Victoria] Thanks.
[panting]
[woman gasps]
Victoria.
What's the matter, dear?
Granny! In the subway,
someone was after me.
Who was after you, Victoria?
Eh...
Um...
A... a man...
I don't know what he wanted,
probably to mug me.
-Did he follow you as far as here?
-What?
Could he possibly know where you live?
Think carefully, Victoria, it's important.
No, I... don't think so, Granny.
-[Victoria sighs]
-Don't worry, dear. You're home.
Nothing will happen to you now.
-[wood banging]
-[Alsan and Jack grunt]
[Alsan growls]
[Jack] Come on!
-[Jack whimpers nervously]
-[Alsan grunts]
[both grunting]
[Jack yelps]
Get up!
[Jack groans]
[Jack yells]
[both grunt]
[Jack groaning]
-[Alsan] On your feet!
-[Jack growls]
[Jack yelling]
[Jack grunts]
[breathing heavily]
You're dead.
[sighs] Again.
Four months practice isn't enough
to defeat a true Nurgon warrior,
my dear boy.
But I've got better, haven't I?
Before, I couldn't even hold up the sword,
but look now.
[chuckles] Don't get too cocky now.
[Jack] Yeah.
Say what you want, but it won't take me
long to beat you.
If only I could use
one of the legendary swords...
Don't insist, Jack. You're not ready yet.
[Jack grunts]
Can I at least look at them?
[sighs] I don't know.
I just want to look at them, please.
You're always talking about them,
but you've never shown them to me.
[Alsan] Hmm.
[mechanism clanking]
[gasps]
Wow!
[Alsan] Many of these weapons
were wielded by Idhun's great war heroes.
This is my sword.
Sumlaris the Invincible.
It was forged by Maestro Galdis de Namre
for an ancestor of mine,
Princess Valena of Vanissar, who--
Cute, but wouldn't a gun be better
for fighting against Kirtash?
I know what guns are,
and I don't like them.
There's nothing noble or brave
about killing from a distance.
It's a representation of Aldun,
God of Fire, Lord of the Yans,
and Father of the Dragons.
[Jack] Oh...
[Alsan] Ah, yes... Domivat.
According to the legend,
it was forged in dragon fire.
It would be a worthy rival for Haiass,
Kirtash's sword.
[faint echoing whispers]
-[Alsan] Don't touch it!
-[Jack gasps]
Why?
No one touches it without being burned.
It's a joke, isn't it?
I never joke.
-[door creaks]
-Alsan?
We must talk. It's important.
That's enough for today.
We'll continue anon.
Victoria's just arrived.
She says that Kirtash has found her again.
Is she alright?
Did he look her in the eyes?
[Shail] He didn't get that close.
Luckily,
Victoria managed to get away in time.
[Alsan] She should remain here though...
for her own safety,
and because we can't risk
Kirtash getting to Lunnaris through her.
[Shail] We can't keep her locked away
here in Limbhad.
Jack's got no choice,
but Victoria has a family.
[Alsan] If her house is no longer safe,
Kirtash could soon make sure
Victoria has no family either,
and no home to go to.
[flames crackling]
[cat purring]
-[door opens]
-[cat meows]
I know what happened. How are you?
Fine. Still a bit scared.
[Jack] Mm...
How did Kirtash manage to find you?
I inadvertently used my magic.
I don't know what I did,
but it was enough for him to trace me.
And it's not the first time.
[birds chirping]
[Victoria] Two years ago,
when I was on holiday abroad,
I cured a woman who had fallen
in the forest during a hike.
[icy wind blows]
-[gasps]
-[owl hooting]
[sinister music playing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[ominous music playing]
[she continues panting]
[panicked cries]
[Victoria] And then Shail appeared.
He brought me to Limbhad,
and nothing's been the same since.
Alsan and Shail
don't want me to go back home.
If Kirtash finds me,
we'll be in danger, me and my granny.
I don't know what to do.
At least you've got a choice.
I can't even go back.
[sighs] That's true. I'm very sorry.
It's not your fault,
but it's hard being here all the time,
never going out.
It's not an easy decision.
Whatever you decide, we'll support you.
And as soon as they give me a sword,
I can also fight with you.
[relieved sigh]
Thanks, Jack.
Victoria, can I ask you something?
Of course.
-Who is Lunnaris?
-[gasps]
I can't talk to you about that.
Oh... Sorry... I didn't mean to...
-[Shail panting]
-[Victoria] Huh?
The Soul has sensed Kirtash in our midst.
[both gasp]
[footsteps approaching]
I hope you've got one for me.
Not in your wildest dreams, son.
You're not yet ready.
When will I be?
I've been locked in here for months!
I need to do something.
-You're training.
-That's not enough.
If I really am part of the Resistance,
let me go with you.
Why don't you tell me
what you really think?
I'm just a kid who's no use to you, right?
That's not true and you know it.
We'll talk when I get back.
Right now, someone's life's in danger,
and we probably won't make it
in time to save him, like we did you.
You saved me to lock me into this tomb.
I'd be better off dead!
[Jack yelps]
[Jack groans]
If you wish to be useful
to the Resistance, Jack,
just stay here.
You're of no use to us dead.
[footsteps leaving]
[Shail]
This time, it was in Xingshan, China.
So Kirtash is no longer after me?
So it seems.
He's probably found a new prey.
Hmm?
Please, be very careful.
[ethereal whirring]
[Shail] Let's go.
MR. PARRELL CLAIMED
THAT HE COULD TRANSLATE THIS BOOK
-[man] Ah...
-[woman] Here.
-[loud zap]
-[woman] Huh?
[electrical crackling]
Well, well. What have we got here?
Leave us alone! We're no threat to anyone!
[laughs] Pity Ashran doesn't think so.
[grunts]
[woman groaning in pain]
[gasps in terror]
Quick! Run!
Hide!
[screams]
-[man panting]
-[dogs barking]
[icy wind blows]
-[sinister music playing]
-[man gasps]
[electrical crackling]
[loud boom]
Finally, some action.
Killing Celestials is so boring! [yells]
[Shail grunts]
[Elrion chuckles]
[Shail] They are the most
peaceful people in Idhun.
Why did you have to kill them?
Don't worry, you will be joining them!
[Alsan grunting]
-[Elrion grunts]
-[Shail grunts]
[Elrion grunts]
[Shail yelps]
[Shail groaning]
We must get out of here.
[breathless] Soul...
Soul, take us to Limbhad.
[electrical crackling]
[loud boom]
[police sirens approaching]
Let's get out of here.
Wait...
we must leave no traces.
[police sirens continue]
INCREDIBLE DISCOVERY
A BOOK WRITTEN IN AN UNKNOWN LANGUAGE
Change of plan.
We're going to London.
London?
Why? What's in London?
-[loud boom]
-[Elrion gasps]
-[sirens getting louder]
-[loud boom]
[grunt]
[grunting]
[grunts]
-[Alsan] Victoria!
-[Jack] Huh?
[footsteps]
-[Shail groans]
-Victoria!
-[Victoria panting]
-[Shail groaning]
What happened? Can I help?
Not now, Jack.
It's quite a serious burn.
Can you cure it?
I'll try, but we must go outside.
My magic works better in the forest.
-[Shail groans]
-But...
[ethereal music]
[soft footsteps]
[Shail groaning]
I won't be able to do it.
My magic isn't strong enough.
If he dies...
He won't.
He believes in you, and so do I.
[she sighs]
[Victoria sighs]
[Shail groans]
-[Victoria chuckles softly]
-You did that?
You couldn't die now.
You've still got so much to teach me.
Now, just rest.
[Jack] Hmm?
How is Shail?
I managed to cure him,
but he needs to rest.
Good for you.
You're more of a magician than you think.
I'm not a magician, just half a magician
What's the difference?
I've got curing powers,
but I can't do anything complex,
like Shail.
Sometimes I'd like to be like Ayshel.
She wasn't a full magician either,
but that didn't stop her.
Ayshel?
[Victoria] She was a heroine
who fought against the sheks
during the Empire of the Second Age.
Of course,
she had a very powerful magical staff.
I have nothing of the sort.
[Jack]
Is that what the statue held? Her staff?
So it would seem.
But it was lost a long time ago,
so it doesn't matter.
In any case, I'm no heroine.
I know I'll disappoint Shail
sooner or later.
You just saved his life!
Yes, but that's not enough.
The mission didn't go well.
Alsan and Shail arrived late
and didn't save anyone.
Hmm. Again.
It's complicated.
We tried to gather all the exiled
magicians in a safe place in Limbhad...
but can't trace them through the Soul
because they don't want anyone
to find them.
So how does Kirtash do it then?
[sighs] I wish we knew.
[Jack] Hmm.
[footsteps]
[Jack] Lights!
Soul... can you help me?
[chuckle]
I want you to show me a person
who is on Earth.
That's it!
Can you look for Kirtash?
He fears no one
and has no reason to hide anywhere.
I want to see where he is
and what he's doing,
so we catch him off guard
and surprise him.
-[Jack gasps]
-[Elrion laughs]
[whispers] What are they doing?
Can you take me a little closer?
You were right.
It's authentic. Have a look.
[Elrion gasps] Huh?
[Jack gasps]
[Victoria] Jack! Come back!
What's the matter?
We had company.
What? I didn't see anything.
Not a physical being, a conscience.
A member of the Resistance
was spying on us.
The Resistance?
[laughs] They're just a bunch of kids.
-No.
-[Elrion] No way.
Don't underestimate them.
I'm young as well.
Do you think they found out
anything important?
Perhaps.
In which case...
something will have to be done.
[ethereal music playing]